Hyperlint Automation: Broken Link Fixes (#20187)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/cloudflare-one/tunnel/warp-connector-install.mdx

    :::note[Remote SSH connections]

    If you are managing the deployment remotely over SSH, your connection may drop when you install the WARP Connector. Because the WARP connector immediately starts forwarding traffic to Cloudflare, the remote SSH server's traffic will now route via Cloudflare instead of via the server's public IP. To work around the issue:

>     - **Option 1**: In your WARP Connector [device profile](#3-route-cgnat-ips-through-cloudflare), temporarily add the public IP of your local machine to the [Split Tunnel Exclude list](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/split-tunnels/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Option 1**: In your WARP Connector [device profile](#2-recommended-create-a-device-profile), temporarily add the public IP of your local machine to the [Split Tunnel Exclude list](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/split-tunnels/).
```
